The setting is English general practice and includes all GP practices in England using prescribing data available from the National Health Service (NHS) Digital platform. This provides monthly statistics of prescribing of different medicines aggregated at the level of GP practices for all practices in England. The study period was January 2014 to March 2017. Atypical practices were excluded, i.e. those with <750 registered patients or <500 patients registered per full time equivalent (FTE) GP, or if there are >5000 registered patients per FTE GP. This is consistent with previous studies utilising administrative GP practice data from the same source. In addition, practices with fewer than 100 prescription items per month during the 12 months either before or after the DHPC (i.e. from August 2014 to October 2016) were excluded, to ensure that included practices contributed sufficient data in the immediate period before and after the DHPC.

Variables 
The primary outcome was items of mirabegron prescribed as a percentage of all items for drugs to treat OAB. 
Characteristics of GP practices which may relate to prescribing include the number of FTE GPs in each practice, the age and sex distribution of GPs, and whether the practice has any registrar GPs. Indicators of quality of care through the Quality Outcomes Framework (QOF) are available for each practice, including the overall score, as well as indicators relating to specific conditions such as cardiovascular disease. Information is also provided on the practice list size (i.e. the number of patients registered to each practice), and the age and sex distribution of registered patients. Lastly, although no other practice-level patient characteristics are available, the Index of Multiple Deprivation (IMD) of the geographic area a practice is located in was used.

Data sources/measurement
Monthly prescribing data relating to mirabegron, OAB drugs and all prescription items were downloaded from the NHS Digital website for the study period. Prescribed products are coded based on their British National Formulary (BNF) classification, and mirabegron (0704020AE) and OAB drug prescribing (070402) were defined using this coding. All drugs listed in the BNF section 7.4.2 (Urinary frequency, enuresis, and incontinence) were considered as OAB drugs (see Supplementary Table S1). The number of items of each prescribed product that was dispensed in the specified month is captured in this data. The data relates to NHS prescriptions issued by general practices in England and dispensed in any community pharmacy in the UK. Prescriptions may be issued by any prescribing staff within practices, including GPs, nurses, and pharmacists and private prescriptions are not included. 
Baseline GP practice workforce and registered patient data (i.e. from 2014) for included practices was downloaded from the NHS Digital website and were summarised at the practice level. In addition, QOF indicators were obtained for 2014/2015 for overall score and indicators of hypertension and dementia prevalence (which could plausibly explain variation in prescribing of mirabegron and other antimuscarinic OAB drugs respectively). For deprivation, the IMD for 2015 is provided for geographic areas (lower-level super output areas or LSOA) by the Department for Communities and Local Government. The index captures the following dimensions of deprivation: income, employment, education, health, crime, access to housing and services, and living environment. Practices were assigned the IMD decile of the LSOA they were located in based on their postcode.
